Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821)
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake.
Chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887-1956)
His ignorance is encyclopedic
Abba Eban (1915-2002)
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
A. J. Liebling (1904-1963)
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.
Soren Aabye Kierkegaard (1813-1855)
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955) 
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955) 
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
Galileo Galilei 
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
Emile Zola (1840-1902) 
This book fills a much-needed gap.
Moses Hadas (1900-1966) in a review 
The full use of your powers along lines of excellence.
definition of"happiness" by John F. Kennedy (1917-1963) 
Give me a museum and I'll fill it.
Pablo Picasso (1881-1973) 
Assassins!
Arturo Toscanini (1867-1957) to his orchestra 
I'll moider da bum.
Heavyweight boxer Tony Galento, when asked what he thought of William Shakespeare 
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut 
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826) 
Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems.
Rene Descartes (1596-1650), "Discours de la Methode" 
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Martin Luther King Jr. (1929-1968) 
Do, or do not. There is no 'try'.
Yoda ('The Empire Strikes Back') 
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) 
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
George Burns (1896-1996)
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense.
Edsgar Dijkstra
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.
Bjarne Stroustrup
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
Paul Erdos
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
Salvador Dali (1904-1989)
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws.
Plato (427-347 B.C.)
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it.
George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
We have art to save ourselves from the truth.
Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821)
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
H. G. Wells (1866-1946)
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must.
Edward George Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873)
The difference between 'involvement' and 'commitment' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' the pig was 'committed'.
unknown
I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters.
Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
Voltaire (1694-1778)
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them.
Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964)
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
J. Paul Getty (1892-1976)
Facts are the enemy of truth.
Don Quixote "Man of La Mancha"
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.
George Washington Carver (1864-1943)
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
Anais Nin (1903-1977)
I begin by taking. I shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right.
Frederick (II) the Great
Maybe this world is another planet's Hell.
Aldous Huxley (1894-1963)
Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
George Eliot (1819-1880)
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth.
Sherlock Holmes (by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, 1859-1930)
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Steven Wright
I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it.
Groucho Marx (1895-1977)
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true.
James Branch Cabell
All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusion is called a philosopher.
Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered.
Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936)
I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.
Umberto Eco
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
Samuel Johnson (1709-1784)
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1890-1969), Inaugural Address, January 20, 1953
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Basically, I no longer work for anything but the sensation I have while working.
Albert Giacometti (sculptor)
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860)
Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street.
Elbert Hubbard (1856-1915)
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Antoine de Saint Exupery
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
Isaac Asimov
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.
Carl Sagan
It is much more comfortable to be mad and know it, than to be sane and have one's doubts.
G. B. Burgin
Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action.
Auric Goldfinger, in "Goldfinger" by Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964)
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
Jimi Hendrix
A clever man commits no minor blunders.
Goethe (1749-1832)
A witty saying proves nothing.
Voltaire (1694-1778)
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
Will Durant
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
Xenocrates (396-314 B.C.)
It was the experience of mystery -even if mixed with fear -that engendered religion.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure -that is all that agnosticism means.
Clarence Darrow, Scopes trial, 1925.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Henry Ford (1863-1947)
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948)
The instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free. First, society begins by trying to beat you up. If this fails, they try to poison you. If this fails too, the finish by loading honors on your head.
Jean Cocteau (1889-1963)
Everyone is a genius at least once a year; a real genius has his original ideas closer together.
Georg Lichtenberg (1742-1799)
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862)
While we are postponing, life speeds by.
Seneca (3BC 65AD)
God, please save me from your followers!
Bumper Sticker
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948)
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.
Bertrand Russell (1872-1970) 
Wit is educated insolence.
Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) 
Wise men make proverbs, but fools repeat them.
Samuel Palmer (1805-80) 
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955) 
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.
Aristotle Onassis (1906-1975) 
When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
Buckminster Fuller (1895-1983) 
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite.
Paul Dirac (1902-1984) 
In any contest between power and patience, bet on patience.
W.B. Prescott
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin.
John von Neumann (1903-1957)
The mistakes are all waiting to be made.
chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887-1956) on the game's opening position 
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims.
Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) 
Grove giveth and Gates taketh away.
Bob Metcalfe (inventor of Ethernet) on the trend of hardware speedups not being able to keep up with software demands 
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955) 
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation.
H. H. Munro (Saki) (1870-1916)
There are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult.
C. A. R. Hoare
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do.
Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.
Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
John F. Kennedy (1917-1963)
Everything has been figured out, except how to live.
Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech.
Martin Fraquhar Tupper 
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book I'll waste no time reading it.
Moses Hadas (1900-1966) 
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
Groucho Marx (1895-1977) 
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating.
Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) 
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.
Goethe (1749-1832) 
In the end, everything is a gag.
Charlie Chaplin (1889-1977) 
The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
Lucille S. Harper 
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater.
Gail Godwin 
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
Henry Kissinger (1923-) 
You can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty.
Sacha Guitry (1885-1957) 
Behind every great fortune there is a crime.
Honore de Balzac (1799-1850) 
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
Aristotle Onassis (1906-1975) 
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
General George Patton (1885-1945) 
Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis.
Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 
Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure.
Oliver Herford (1863-1935) 
The covers of this book are too far apart.
Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914) 
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them.
Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964) 
Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end.
Igor Stravinsky (1882-1971) 
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
Voltaire (1694-1778) 
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before.
Mae West (1892-1980) 
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.
Elvis Presley (1935-1977) 
No Sane man will dance.
Cicero (106-43 B.C.) 
Vote early and vote often.
Al Capone (1899-1947) 
Few things are harder to put up with than a good example.
Mark Twain (1835-1910) 
Hell is other people.
Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980) 
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Ingrid Bergman (1917-1982) 
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Thomas Jones 
The gods too are fond of a joke.
Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) 
Distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes.
Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) 
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
Robert Orben 
The cynics are right nine times out of ten.
Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956) 
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance.
Plato (427-347 B.C.) 
How can I lose to such an idiot?
A shout from chessmaster Aaron Nimzovich (1886-1935) 
Men have become the tools of their tools.
Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) 
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
Mark Twain (1835-1910) 
Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives.
Abba Eban (1915-2002) 
To sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me.
Charles William Stubbs 
Sanity is a madness put to good uses.
George Santayana (1863-1952) 
In America, anybody can be president. That's one of the risks you take.
Adlai Stevenson (1900-1965) 
Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from two, it's research.
Wilson Mizner (1876-1933) 
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.
T. S. Eliot (1888-1965) 
Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956) 
Being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting.
Karl Wallenda 
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Sun Tzu 
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar.
Lao-Tzu (570?-490? BC) 
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Alan Kay 
Never mistake motion for action.
Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961) 
Hell is paved with good samaritans.
William M. Holden 
The longer I live the more I see that I am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains that I have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time.
George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) 
The average person thinks he isn't.
Father Larry Lorenzoni 
Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century.
Perelman 
There is a country in Europe where multiple-choice tests are illegal.
Sigfried Hulzer 
I think it would be a good idea.
Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948), when asked what he thought of Western civilization 
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Edmund Burke (1729-1797)
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions it only guarantees equality of opportunity.
Irving Kristol 
After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one.
Cato the Elder (234-149 BC, AKA Marcus Porcius Cato) 
He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know.
Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865) 
The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins.
Oliver Wendell Holmes (1841-1935) 
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.
Tom Clancy 
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Mark Twain (1835-1910) 
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
Niccolo Machiavelli (1469-1527), "The Prince" 
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790) 
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep.
Clinton aide George Stephanopolous speaking on Larry King Live 
There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964) 
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
This isn't right, this isn't even wrong.
Wolfgang Pauli (1900-1958), upon reading a young physicist's paper
Pray, v.: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
Now, now my good man, this is no time for making enemies.
Voltaire (1694-1778) on his deathbed in response to a priest asking that he renounce Satan.
If you were plowing a field, which would you rather use? Two strong oxen or 1024 chickens?
Seymour Cray (1925-1996), father of supercomputing
Your Highness, I have no need of this hypothesis.
Pierre Laplace (1749-1827), to Napoleon on why his works on celestial mechanics make no mention of God. 
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don't need.
Francois-Auguste Rodin (1840-1917), when asked how he managed to make his remarkable statues 
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.
Mark Twain (1835-1910)
The truth is more important than the facts.
Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959) 
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Wernher Von Braun (1912-1977) 
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
A few days ago I was having breakfast in a bar at 7.30am. A man walked up to me and said: 'Mister, your Italy side didn't attack enough down the flanks.' I looked at him for a few moments, almost paralysed. Then I told him: 'Just eat your croissants!'
Marcello Lippi
Perry, your lips, my ass, they should meet.
Bob Kelso
So what you're saying is you have a problem that is totally your problem but you'd like to find a way to make that problem my problem. But here's the problem newbie, it ain't my problem.
Dr. Cox
"I'm Dr. Frasier Crane, and this is my brother, Dr. Niles Crane, the eminent psychiatrist." "My brother is too kind. He was already eminent when my eminence was merely imminent."
Frasier Crane & Niles Crane
Pulp can move, baby!
George Costanza
Gold, Jerry, gold!
Kenny Banya
George likes the bananas!
Estelle Costanza
Freedom with no clothes is much better than no freedom with clothes.
Jerry Seinfeld
I could have, but in my defence, I didn't.
Doug Heffernan
Programming has the same relaxing quality as building stuff out of Lego. You know you're going to win in the end.
Paul Graham
I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.
Terry Pratchett
If tornadoes are outlawed, only outlaws will have tornadoes.
The Daily Show
'Dermatologist' is Greek for 'fake doctor'
Dr. Cox
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
Jane Wagner
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
Mark Twain
The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.
George Orwell
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
Niels Bohr
Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
Blake Clark
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
Abraham Lincoln
Martyrdom... is the only way in which a man can become famous without ability.
George Bernard Shaw
Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it.
George Bernard Shaw
The most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way.
Bertrand Russell (1872 - 1970)
There are 10^11 stars in the galaxy. That used to be a huge number. But it's only a hundred billion. It's less than the national deficit! We used to call them astronomical numbers. Now we should call them economical numbers.
Richard Feynman (1918 - 1988)
A good listener is usually thinking about something else.
Kin Hubbard (1868 - 1930)
Critics search for ages for the wrong word, which, to give them credit, they eventually find.
Peter Ustinov (1921 - 2004)
The best liar is he who makes the smallest amount of lying go the longest way.
Samuel Butler (1835 - 1902)
It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
Bertrand Russell (1872 - 1970)
Humor is also a way of saying something serious.
T. S. Eliot (1888 - 1965)
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Oscar Wilde
Some of the best advice I ever received was 'Man, that was terrible'.
Tom Hanks
If God can work through me, he can work through anyone.
St. Francis of Assisi
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Dorothy Bernard
Bad temper is its own scourge. Few things are more bitter than to feel bitter. A man's venom poisons himself more than his victim.
Charles Buxton
If you leave the smallest corner of your mind open for a moment, other people's opinions will rush in from all quarters.
George Bernard Shaw (1856 - 1950)
The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
Sir Richard F. Burton
Of all noises, I think music is the least disagreeable.
Samuel Johnson (1709 - 1784)
Jerry...this woman hates me so much...I'm starting to like her.
George Costanza
No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.
Francois De La Rochefoucauld (1613 - 1680)
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with a lot of pleasure.
Clarence Darrow (1857 - 1938), Medley
The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them.
Karl Marx
Bore: one who has the power of speech but not the capacity for conversation.
Benjamin Disraeli (1804 - 1881)
Money is always there, but the pockets change.
Gertrude Stein (1874 - 1946)
The problem is not that there are problems. The problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem.
Theodore Rubin
Nothing can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own.
Sidney J. Harris
Overall Bush's European trip has been an overwhelming success. Not once has he gotten separated from his group.
David Letterman
The belief in the possibility of a short decisive war appears to be one of the most ancient and dangerous of human illusions.
Robert Lynd (1879 - 1949)
It's clear that the committee is agreed that your new policy is a really excellent plan but in view of some of the doubts being expressed may I propose that I recall that after careful consideration the considered view of the committe was that while they considered that the proposal met with broad approval in principle, that some of the principles were sufficiently fundamental in principle and some of the considerations so complex and finely balanced in factors that in principle it was proposed that the sensible and prudent practice would be to submit the proposal for more detailed consideration laying stress on the essential continuity of the new proposal with existing principles and the principle of the principle arguments which the proposer proposes and propounds for their approval.
Sir Humphrey Appleby
Typos are very important to all written form. It gives the reader something to look for so they aren't distracted by the total lack of content in your writing.
Randy K. Milholland
A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.
Robert Frost
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Robert Frost
I never dared to be radical when young For fear it would make me conservative when old.
Robert Frost, 'Ten Mills,' A Further Range, 1936
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
Robert Frost
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop, The Lion and the Mouse
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
Aristotle
Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld
No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.
Francois De La Rochefoucauld
The glory of great men should always be measured by the means they have used to acquire it.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld
The height of cleverness is to be able to conceal it.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld
I find nothing more depressing than optimism.
Paul Fussell
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
Harold Wilson (1916 - 1995)
Remember that as a teenager you are at the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
Fran Lebowitz (1950 - ), Social Studies (1981)
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
Bill Watterson (1958 - ), cartoonist, "Calvin and Hobbes"
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories.
John Wilmot
There are two motives for reading a book: one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it.
Bertrand Russell (1872 - 1970)
The whole reason you watch a tv show, is because it ends. If I wanted a long, boring story with no point to it, I have my life.
Jerry Seinfeld
Chamberlain, you could hold his head in the toilet, he'd still give you half of Europe.
George Costanza
Can we all agree that Bruce Willis, when not being emo and dead, is much better than Chuck Norris, because Bruce doesn't try to preach Christianity to me?
forums.gentoo.org
When a person can no longer laugh at himself, it is time for others to laugh at him.
Thomas Szasz, "The Second Sin"
A child becomes an adult when he realizes that he has a right not only to be right but also to be wrong.
Thomas Szasz, The Second Sin (1973) "Childhood"
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
Stephen Roberts
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well.
Voltaire
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.
Voltaire
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
Voltaire
History is a pack of lies we play on the dead.
Voltaire
Judge of a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
Voltaire
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
Voltaire
"You simply must apologize." "Must I?" "Yes. Because it is the mature, adult thing to do." "How does that affect me?"
Seinfeld
I'm not normally a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me, Superman.
Homer Simpson
No matter what side of the argument you are on, you always find people on your side that you wish were on the other.
Jascha Heifetz
The great thing about the 5 inch floppy disks, and the 8 inch ones before them, is that it is possible to make them sail around corners when you throw them at people. You can't do that with the 3-1/2 floppies (although they do hurt more when they hit).
forums.gentoo.org
Try as hard as we may for perfection, the net result of our labors is an amazing variety of imperfectness. We are surprised at our own versatility in being able to fail in so many different ways.
Samuel McChord Crothers
Objection, your Honor, you can't preface your second point with 'first of all'.
Alan Shore (Boston Legal) 
"Jerry, it's Frank Costanza, mr. Steinbrenner's here, George is dead, call me back."
Frank Costanza
Why is it that our memory is good enough to retain the least triviality that happens to us, and yet not good enough to recollect how often we have told it to the same person?
Francois de La Rochefoucauld
The very purpose of existence is to reconcile the glowing opinion we have of ourselves with the appalling things that other people think about us.
Quentin Crisp
When they call the roll in the Senate, the Senators do not know whether to answer 'Present' or 'Not guilty.'
Theodore Roosevelt (1858 - 1919)
The men the American public admire most extravagantly are the most daring liars; the men they detest most violently are those who try to tell them the truth.
H. L. Mencken (1880 - 1956)
A good many young writers make the mistake of enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope, big enough for the manuscript to come back in. This is too much of a temptation to the editor.
Ring Lardner (1885 - 1933), "How to Write Short Stories"
The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.
Charles Bukowski (1920 - 1994)
Ordinarily he was insane, but he had lucid moments when he was merely stupid.
Heinrich Heine (1797 - 1856)
Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history.
George Bernard Shaw (1856 - 1950)
To do just the opposite is also a form of imitation.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg (1742 - 1799)
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
Alfred E. Wiggam
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Walter Bagehot (1826 - 1877)
Traditions are group efforts to keep the unexpected from happening.
Barbara Tober
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
George Bernard Shaw (1856 - 1950), Everybody's Political What's What? (1944) ch. 30
Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement.
Unknown
The creator of the universe works in mysterious ways. But he uses a base ten counting system and likes round numbers.
Scott Adams (1957 - )
When you travel, remember that a foreign country is not designed to make you comfortable. It is designed to make its own people comfortable.
Clifton Fadiman (1904 - 1999)
Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves.
Rudyard Kipling (1865 - 1936)
Let no man pull you low enough to hate him.
Martin Luther King
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
Friedrich Nietzsche (1844 - 1900)
Scandal is gossip made tedious by morality.
Oscar Wilde (1854 - 1900), Lady Windermere's Fan, 1892, Act III
Power never takes a back step - only in the face of more power.
Malcolm X (1925 - 1965), Malcolm X Speaks, 1965
And so by the fifteenth century, on October 8, the Europeans were looking for a new place to try to get to, and they came up with a new concept: the West.
Dave Barry 
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
Dave Barry
In mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them.
Johann von Neumann (1903 - 1957)
The string is a stark data structure and everywhere it is passed there is duplication. It is a perfect vehicle for hiding information.
Alan J Perlis
Perl is like vise grips. You can do anything with it but it is the wrong tool for every job. 
Bruce Eckel 
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to Basic; as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. 
Edsger Dijkstra 
The last good thing written in C was Franz Schubert's Symphony Number 9.
Erwin Dieterich 
It goes against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.  What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail and learning to be self-critical?
Alan Perlis 
Abraham Lincoln reportedly said that, given eight hours to chop down a tree, he'd spend six sharpening his axe.
TidBITS 654, quoted by Derek K. Miller, via Art Evans
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
Bertolt Brecht (1898 - 1956)
The height of cleverness is to be able to conceal it.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld (1613 - 1680)
Emacs is a good OS. The only thing it lacks is a decent text-editor.
Unknown
I really didn't foresee the Internet. But then, neither did the computer industry. Not that that tells us very much of course - the computer industry didn't even foresee that the century was going to end.
Douglas Adams
A couple of months in the laboratory can frequently save a couple of hours in the library.
Westheimer's Discovery
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at the moment.
Robert Benchley
The Daily Mirror is read by people who think they run the country. The Guardian is read by people who think they ought to run the country. The Times is read by the people who actually do run the country. The Daily Mail is read by the wives of the people who run the country. The Financial Times is read by people who own the country. The Morning Star is read by people who think the country ought to be run by another country. The Daily Telegraph is read by people who think it is.
"Yes, Minister"
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.
Charles V (1500—1558)
Some people say that all black people look alike. We call them police.
Dave Chappelle
Pearl Harbor the movie, arguably, was worse than the invasion itself.
Marc Maron
I have an ego the size of a small planet, but I'm not _always_ right.
Linus Torvalds
War is a cowardly escape from the problems of peace.
Thomas Mann
Which is it, is man one of God's blunders or is God one of man's?
Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Invisible Pink Unicorns are beings of awesome mystical power. We know this because they manage to be invisible and pink at the same time. Like all religions, the Faith of the Invisible Pink Unicorns is based upon both logic and faith. We have faith that they are pink; we logically know that they are invisible because we can't see them.
Steve Eley
The philosopher has never killed any priests, whereas the priest has killed a great many philosophers.
Denis Diderot
A terrorist is someone who has a bomb but can’t afford an air force.
William Blum
Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion.
Oscar Wilde
In all the disputes, which have excited Christians against each other, Rome has invariably decided in favor of that opinion which tended most towards the suppression of the human intellect and the annihilation of the reasoning powers.
Voltaire
You know your god is man-made when he hates all the same people you do.
Usenet
We must question the story logic of having an all-knowing all-powerful God, who creates faulty humans, and then blames them for his own mistakes.
Gene Roddenberry
I like your Christ; I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ.
Mohandas Gandhi
If god created us in his image we have certainly returned the compliment.
Voltaire
Jehovah was not a moral god. He had all the vices and he lacked all the virtues. He generally carried out all his threats, but he never faithfully kept a promise.
Robert G. Ingersoll
Everyone likes to say Hitler did this and Hitler did that. But the truth is Hitler did very little. He was a world class asshole, but the evil actually done, from the death camps to World War Two, was all done by citizens who were afraid to question if what they were told by their government was the truth or not, and who because they did not want to admit to themselves that they were afraid to question the government, refused to see the truth behind the Reichstag Fire, refused to see the invasion by Poland was a staged fake, and followed Hitler into national disaster.
Michael Rivero
If you are required to kill someone today, on the promise of a political leader that someone else shall live in peace tomorrow, believe me, you are not only a double murderer, you are a suicide, too.
Katherine Anne Porter
When great changes occur in history, when great principles are involved, as a rule the majority are wrong.
Eugene V. Debs
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.
Nietzsche
The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion.
Thomas Paine
We need a common enemy to unite us.
Condoleezza Rice, March 2000
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
Malcolm X
Science has done more for the development of western civilization in one hundred years than Christianity did in eighteen hundred years.
Jeff Burroughs
I read about an Eskimo hunter who asked the local missionary priest, ‘If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?’ ‘No,’ said the priest, ‘not if you did not know.’ ‘Then why,’ asked the Eskimo earnestly, ‘did you tell me?’
Annie Dillard
The most heinous and the cruelest crimes of which history has record have been committed under the cover of religion or equally noble motives.
Mohandas Gandhi
We always obeyed the law. Isn't that what you do in America? Even if you don't agree with a law personally, you still obey it. Otherwise life would be chaos.
Gertrude Scholtz-Klink, explaining Nazi policy
I am strongly in favor of using poisoned gas against uncivilized tribes. The moral effect should be good and it would spread a lively terror.
Winston Churchill commenting on the British use of poison gas against the Iraqis after World War I
In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to liberty.
Thomas Jefferson
I have the greatest admiration for your propaganda. Propaganda in the West is carried out by experts who have had the best training in the world, in the field of advertising, and have mastered the techniques with exceptional proficiency. Yours are subtle and persuasive; ours are crude and obvious. I think that the fundamental difference between our worlds, with respect to propaganda, is quite simple. You tend to believe yours and we tend to disbelieve ours.
A U.S. based Soviet correspondent
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite.
John Kenneth Galbraith
Can anything be stupider than that a man has the right to kill me because he lives on the other side of a river and his ruler has a quarrel with mine, though I have not quarreled with him?
Blaise Pascal
Foreign aid is when the poor people of a rich country give money to the rich people of a poor country.
Gary Hart, BC Comic Strip
Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority.
Thomas Huxley
Why of course the people don't want war. Why should some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece? Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia, nor in England, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship... Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is to tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger.
Nazi Hermann Goering
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
Bertrand Russel
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.
Thomas Jefferson
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.
Bertrand Russell
All I know is that I am not a Marxist.
Karl Marx
You find as you look around the world that every single bit of progress in humane feeling, every improvement in the criminal law, every step toward the diminution of war, every step toward better treatment of the colored races, or every mitigation of slavery, every moral progress that there has been in the world, has been consistently opposed by the organized churches of the world. I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
Bertrand Russell
If you keep doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always gotten.
Jim Rohn
In all affairs, it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted.
Bertrand Russell
Nothing overshadows truth so much as authority.
Leon Battista Alberti
To use the term blind faith, is to use an adjective needlessly.
Julian Ruck
In order to be an immaculate member of a flock of sheep, one must above all be a sheep oneself.
Albert Einstein
Spiritual maturity is a lifelong process of replacing lies with truth.
Kurt Bruner
Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western religion, rejection without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western science.
Gary Zukav
When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
George Bernard Shaw
If a person is to get to the meaning of life, he must learn to like the facts about himself, ugly as they may seem to his sentimental vanity, before he can learn the truth behind the facts. And the truth is never ugly.
Eugene O'Neill
One's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes
The death of dogma is the birth of morality.
Immanuel Kant
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.
Rene Descartes
When a man says he approves of something in principle, it means he hasn’t the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
Otto von Bismarck
When a nation's young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung.
Henry Ward Beecher
It is wrong always, everywhere, and for anyone, to believe anything upon insufficient evidence.
William Kingdon Clifford
I do not believe that any type of religion should ever be introduced into the public schools of the United States.
Thomas Edison
The radical invents the views. When he has worn them out, the conservative adopts them.
Mark Twain
The degree of one's emotion varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts. The less you know, the hotter you get.
Bertrand Russel
When you buy a Microsoft product that isn't a mouse or keyboard you get what you deserve.
forums.gentoo.org
Politician: We must do something. This is something. Therefore we must do it.
"Yes, Minister"
I swear to God, I’m so tired of being right all the time. It was fun for a while, but now it’s just depressing.
Mark Pilgrim
The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one.
George Bernard Shaw
"Just give us a minute" "No, I ain't got no more minutes"
Axel Foley
Please, either cut down the dosage, or increase it.
lkml
Java is like a variant of the game of Tetris in which none of the pieces can fill gaps created by the other pieces, so all you can do is pile them up endlessly.
Steve Yegge
Fine, Java might be a good example of what a programming language should be like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications shouldn’t be like.
pixadel
XML is like violence. If it doesn't solve the problem, use more.
slashdot
Live every day like it's your last, and someday you'll be right.
G. Mark Hardy
If the truth bothers you, pick a comfortable spot between the ostriches to the left and right of you and stick your head firmly back into the sand where I don't have to listen to your squawking.
forums.gentoo.org
And if there were a God, I think it very unlikely that He would have such an uneasy vanity as to be offended by those who doubt His existence.
Bertrand Russel
Were you on acid when you wrote this?
a fellow coder's comment on perl code I'd written
Being really good at C++ is like being really good at using rocks to sharpen sticks.
Thant Tessman
"Feel free to post more examples of "Why c++ sucks". ;-)" "Read through the C++ Public Review Document and look for occurences of the phrases 'behavior is undefined' and especially 'no diagnostic is required'. Or here's an even simpler indicator of how much C++ sucks: Print out the C++ Public Review Document. Have someone hold it about three feet above your head and then drop it. Thus you will be enlightened."
Thant Tessman
The love of truth lies at the root of much humor.
Robertson Davies
Now, I’ve got two options. I can either try to plow through the Hibernate source code to figure out what it is that is being set to null and how to stop it from being so, or I can try Monte Carlo debugging — just change random crap in hopes of getting a more meaningful error message.
Robert Fischer
If my life gets any worse I'm phoning Hell to ask about their exchange program.
Niles Crane
Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies.
Friedrich Nietzsche
The world's most depressing google search is actually called 'why is this secure'.
Dan Kaminsky
The nice part about being a pessimist is that you are constantly being either proven right or pleasantly surprised.
George F. Will
There's a whiff of the lynch mob or the lemming migration about any overlarge concentration of like-thinking individuals, no matter how virtuous their cause.
PJ O'Rourke
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.
Aldous Huxley
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
Robert Heinlein
Oh, well, leave it to the mathematicians to not only claim something really cool exists and not tell you how to get it, but also to prove you can't get it. 
forums.gentoo.org
Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
Walter Lippmann
My definition of an expert in any field is a person who knows enough about what's really going on to be scared.
PJ Plauger
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
Edsger Dijkstra
The total world's population of Haskell programmers fits in a 747. And if that goes down, nobody would even notice.
Erik Meijer 
Python - why settle for snake oil when you can have the whole snake?
From Usenet posting by Mark Jackson, June 1998
My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of the pessimists.
Jean Rostand
Statistically speaking, there are two popes per square kilometer in Vatican City.
bash.org
The man who writes about himself and his own time is the only man who writes about all people and all time.
George Bernard Shaw
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
John Kenneth Galbraith
Nothing is more dangerous than an idea, when it is the only idea we have.
Alain, 1908
If I cannot brag of knowing something, then I brag of not knowing it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, 1866
Your manuscript is both good and original. However, that which is good is not original, and that which is original is not good.
Samuel Johnson
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization, and at present very few people have reached this level.
Bertrand Russell
Instead of giving a politician the keys to the city, it might be better to change the locks.
Doug Larson
Have any more fish in barrels?
forums.gentoo.org
Ah Starbucks, the second coolest place to be; next to an Apple store.
forums.gentoo.org
"Today is your lucky day." "It would be my first one."
Elaine Benes, George Costanza
I love being a writer. What I can't stand is the paperwork.
Peter De Vries
Jesus is proof that abstinence doesn't work.
reddit
The eskimo asked the missionary, "If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?" "No," said the missionary, "not if you did not know." "Then why," asked the eskimo, "did you tell me?"
Annie Dillard
We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.
H.L. Mencken
I cannot see why we should expect an infinite God to do better in another world than he does in this.
Robert G. Ingersoll
If nobody thought about technical details, you would be writing this on a papyrus scroll with the blood of an antelope.
ubuntuforums.org
Swine flu? This must be God's punishment for Catholicism.
forums.gentoo.org
By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece.
G. K. Chesterton
Doing nothing is very hard to do... you never know when you're finished.
Leslie Nielsen
It amazes me that Christians are against the death penalty. Cause if it wasn't for the death penalty there'd be no Easter.
Bill Hicks
It is our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously.
Peter Ustinov
If you don't sin, Jesus died for nothing.
reddit
The excuse you make today for why you "can't" do something may one day be used as a reason to prohibit people like you from doing that thing.
Khatzumoto
Any software project is a collaborative project. It has at least two developers, the original developer and the original developer a few weeks or months later when the train of thought has long left the station.
Peter Hutterer
The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything - or nothing.
Nancy Astor
The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern. Every class is unfit to govern.
Lord Acton
A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
Alfred E. Wiggam
Books have the same enemies as people: fire, humidity, animals, weather, and their own content.
Paul Valery
I wonder if some of the resentment of some Christians towards atheists is that they feel the burden of a price they must pay - the tedious church services they attend, the offerings, the time wasted, the absurdity of the whole phenomenon - and atheists are escaping all that with no apparent loss of anything. Oh, but we will eventually pay, they reassure themselves.
PZ Myers
No man ever believes that the Bible means what it says. He is always convinced that it says what he means.
George Bernard Shaw
A man who says, 'If God is dead, nothing matters,' is a spoilt child who has never looked at his fellow man with compassion.
Kai Nielsen
"Have you been to New York?" "No" "Oh, do you know my sister then? She hasn't been to New York either."
forums.randi.org
I'm trying to think but nothing happens.
forums.randi.org
There's nothing quite like religion for channeling self-hatred into hypocrisy.
forums.randi.org
We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are.
Anais Nin
La pressoché unanime condanna morale della prostituzione è un tartufo cresciuto tra le radici cristiane, per l’aver ridotto il sesso a funzione del sacramento amoroso. Sarò nostalgico del paganesimo, ma il cristianesimo ha avvelenato il piacere sessuale alla fonte.
Luigi Castaldi
Careful. We don't want to learn from this.
Bill Watterson
